README.md, before:

How Do LaTeX?
=======
**A brief introduction to the last document editor you'll ever need**


### What is this?
How Do LaTeX? is a presentation on the basics of LaTeX given at Portland State University on
behalf of myself Portland State University's local Eta Kappa Nu (HKN) chapter, Iota Theta. 

This presentation and supporting documents form the basis for a short seminar covering a very broad overview of basic LaTeX concepts.  The goal of this project is to get people using LaTeX in a relatively painless manner, by covering the topics that common users reqire.

### What is LaTeX?
[LaTeX] is a cross-platform, free, high-quality typesetting system designed for the production of technical and scientific documentation and it can have a bit of a learning curve. It is the de facto standard for the communication and publication of scientific documents, but it is quite different to use when compared to conventional What You See Is What You Get editors such as Microsoft Word. 

### What's covered?
With the material covered in this presentation, you should have all the information required to create a fully-cited technical report, including:
- installation and compilation
- basic document formatting 
- equations, tables, and graphics
- listing of source code (with syntax highlighting)
- cross referencing and citations
- automatic bibliography generation

### What else is there?
All the code used in the presentation itself lives in the **[Examples/]** directory.  All of it compiles and works on its own, though admittedly some of these examples are very basic.

Additionally, checkout the **[Appendix/]** directory.  None of the material there is covered in the presentation, but there are some helpful things there, including a pre-written header file that has useful packages and commands already included.  

### How do I install this?
```
git clone https://github.com/ekrause/LaTeX-Presentation.git
make presentation
open presentation
```

### Comments/Complaints/Suggestions/Threats
Please [contact me] or make a pull request.

[contact me]:mailto:eric+howdolatex@sauerkrause.org
[LaTeX]:http://www.latex-project.org/
[Examples/]:https://github.com/ekrause/LaTeX-Presentation/tree/master/Examples
[Appendix/]:https://github.com/ekrause/LaTeX-Presentation/tree/master/Appendix

Commit message:

add note about presentation source

README.md, after:

How Do LaTeX?
=======
**A brief introduction to the last document editor you'll ever need**


### What is this?
How Do LaTeX? is a presentation on the basics of LaTeX given at Portland State University on
behalf of myself Portland State University's local Eta Kappa Nu (HKN) chapter, Iota Theta. 

This presentation and supporting documents form the basis for a short seminar covering a very broad overview of basic LaTeX concepts.  The goal of this project is to get people using LaTeX in a relatively painless manner, by covering the topics that common users reqire.

### What is LaTeX?
[LaTeX] is a cross-platform, free, high-quality typesetting system designed for the production of technical and scientific documentation and it can have a bit of a learning curve. It is the de facto standard for the communication and publication of scientific documents, but it is quite different to use when compared to conventional What You See Is What You Get editors such as Microsoft Word. 

### What's covered?
With the material covered in this presentation, you should have all the information required to create a fully-cited technical report, including:
- installation and compilation
- basic document formatting 
- equations, tables, and graphics
- listing of source code (with syntax highlighting)
- cross referencing and citations
- automatic bibliography generation

### What else is there?
All the code used in the presentation itself lives in the **[Examples/]** directory.  All of it compiles and works on its own, though admittedly some of these examples are very basic.

Additionally, checkout the **[Appendix/]** directory.  None of the material there is covered in the presentation, but there are some helpful things there, including a pre-written header file that has useful packages and commands already included.  

Finally, take a look at the source code for the presentation itself, there's all kinds of crazy stuff in there!

### How do I install this?
```
git clone https://github.com/ekrause/LaTeX-Presentation.git
make presentation
open presentation
```

### Comments/Complaints/Suggestions/Threats
Please [contact me] or make a pull request.

[contact me]:mailto:eric+howdolatex@sauerkrause.org
[LaTeX]:http://www.latex-project.org/
[Examples/]:https://github.com/ekrause/LaTeX-Presentation/tree/master/Examples
[Appendix/]:https://github.com/ekrause/LaTeX-Presentation/tree/master/Appendix
